You're teaming up
with the guys from Ghosted.
I could have died
in there!
Aw, somebody
need a hug?
Catch all-new episodes Sundays.
And check out
our other Fox programs--
The Orville, Gotham,
and Lucifer.
Remember me?
Only on Fox.
-Previously on Ghosted... -The
Bureau Underground was created
to protect humanity
from paranormal forces.
Leroy, you were the best missing
persons detective the LAPD
ever had. Max, you were
a brilliant astrophysicist.
LEROY:
What happened with your wife?
She was abducted.
Oh, my God.
-That's my wife.
-(shrieks)
Everything I was called crazy
for believing
is real.
I mean, we were right there.
Gentlemen, welcome
to the Bureau Underground.
("The Power of Love" by
Huey Lewis & the News playing)
Look at us.
Look at... l-look at us.
We're just driving to work.
Just a couple of guys.
Two Bureau Underground agents.
Can you believe this is our job?
You mean, can I believe there's
an entire government agency
dedicated to hunting down
make-believe stuff?
No, I cannot.
Well, you're working for 'em.
You better believe it.
Man, starting a dream job.
LaFrey says I get to see my wife
in a few days.
This might be the most exciting
week of my life.
Mine was first week of summer,
senior year.
I saw Prince that week.
Was it the Lovesexy Tour?
Or, no, the-the Nude Tour?
He was coming out of a JCPenney.
Huh. That's cool.
That's a pretty good
celebrity sighting.
Mm, I think I have it beat,
but, you know, no biggie.
Over Prince?
* Stronger and harder...
It was Blaine Torgen.
I don't know who that is.
Celebrity professor
Blaine Torgen.
Author of The Spaghetti Theorem.
-No one has heard of
Blaine Torgen. -Blaine Torgen.
Spaghe... The Spaghetti
Theorem. Blaine Torgen.
-Pro... Celebrity professor.
-Stop saying "Spaghetti Theorem,
celebrity professor."
Nobody heard of him.
Just 'cause you know
who he is...
I went as him for Halloween
last year.
What'd you wear, a turtleneck?
Ah, see,
I knew you knew who he was.
Hey, speaking of Halloween,
you excited?
I'm taking my old LAPD partner's
kid trick-or-treating.
-No way. -Yeah,
he's been reaching out lately.
-So it was... it was exciting
to hear from him. -That's great.
(clicks tongue)
So...
* First time you feel it,
it might make you sad... *
What am I doing?
Oh, I'm probably...
You know what, I'm
probably just gonna stay home.
Would you like to hang with us?
Very much. Thank you.
Oh, my God,
what a nice invitation.
This is gonna be so fun.
Boom. Halloween.
It's gonna be
the best one ever, I promise.
*
-(rock music playing)
-(metallic rattling, crashing)
(snarling)
MAN:
Damn animal in here again.
* Warriors!
(screeching)
-(line ringing)
-(alert beeping)
DISPATCHER: 911. What's
the nature of your emergency?
(cat yowls, snarls)
(screeching)
(alert beeping)
(gasps)
Ay, papi.
Captain
LaFrey!
Oh, that came out significantly
louder than I intended.
Barry, it is Halloween,
there is a full moon
and a meteor shower on the way.
It's a paranormal perfect storm.
What do you want?
When I look back up,
you better not be a cat.
We've got to get a team on this.
-Who's available? -Our
top agents are all deployed.
Between a reported lycanthrope
sighting, multiple hauntings,
and Sad Brian's destination
wedding in Sacramento,
-we're really short-staffed.
-(sighs) Okay,
well, just get whoever's left.
Go. Now.
Anyway, look, uh, thank you for
letting me tag along tonight,
you know? It's...
Who are you again?
Max.
I mean, I'm sure Leroy...
must've mentioned me.
His cool new friend, Max?
Max-a-million?
The Max Man?
No? Nothing? No nicknames?
No? It's all right.
I'm sure he mentioned me and
you just... couldn't hear him.
Must have been loud there.
Where?
Nothing.
Thanks again for this.
He's been asking all week,
"Can I go trick-or-treating
with Leroy?
I want to spend time
with Leroy."
That's nice to hear. Those
last couple times I hit him up,
he was like,
"Oh, I'm already booked."
You know, with his dad gone,
it means a lot to me,
you spending time with him.
But, Leroy, I don't want him
coming home
knowing any new swear words.
I did not teach him
"tig ol' bitties."
That was his friend...
in geometry class.
-Uh-huh. -I swear to God.
I'll see you later.
LEROY:
Halloween.
All right, Jermaine, we're
gonna hit some condo complexes.
The doors are close together,
like at apartment buildings,
but they got
a little bit more money,
so none of that fun size crap.
Why do I smell cologne?
Jermaine, I know you didn't
put on cologne for me.
So, this girl at school
is having a party,
-and she asked me to come.
-(chuckles)
Whoa! Look at that,
Big J laying it down.
My mom said I can't go,
but I figured
you could just drop me off.
It's not far.
Wait, so is that the reason
you asked me
to take you trick-or-treating?
Come on.
I can't miss this party.
-I heard there's even gonna be
a backrub circle. -Oh.
I mean, it sounds
like you got to go.
Exactly. He gets it.
I'm just calling it
like I see it.
And this jam sounds can't-miss.
Max, I will turn this car around
and take you right home.
-Yep. Sorry. -Jermaine, if your
mom says you can't go, then...
I can't believe this.
You used to be cool.
Now you're just a lame mall cop.
(ringtone plays)
-Hello?
-Leroy, it's Captain LaFrey.
-I need you and Max to check
something out for me. -Oh,
come on, Captain, I specifically
requested this night off.
Tell you what,
you just do what you need to do,
and I'll touch base
with the monstrous creature
and let it know
that its timing is not ideal.
Leroy, just find the damn thing.
Barry's sending the info now.
Agent Lu,
-he's on you. Get out now.
-(shouting)
-(phone chimes)
-Here, check this out.
MAX: Um, okay, this could be
a... important situation.
What are we gonna do
with our friend here?
We'll check it out.
If it's nothing, we'll move on.
*
Jermaine, stay in the car.
We'll be right back.
-Come on, man. I'm gonna be late
to the party. -Ugh.
Heard that. Two times.
Listen, give us, like, five,
-then we'll roll
to your thing, bro. Huh?
-(knocking)
-Let's go! -Yep.
What the hell is your problem?
Was that rhetorical
or do you legitimately want
to discuss my flaws?
'Cause I'm happy to have
that conversation.
Dude, you know
what I'm talking about.
Look, I am trying
to help you, okay?
Because, right now,
Jermaine sees you
as the lame guy
who's trying to ruin his life.
And we need to rehab that image.
I'm responsible for that kid.
Can I just give you
a little advice on kids?
-No, you cannot. -Look,
if you want to win a kid over,
you treat him as your equal.
I mean, that's what my mom did.
We're still best friends.
She was the best man
at my wedding.
What?
(snarling)
Hey.
What are you doing?
There's a cool cat under here.
Can I rescue him?
I told you to stay in the car.
Why would you disobey me?
Dude, why are you trying
to be my dad?
Okay, bring the cat.
Hurry up.
(hisses)
Wait, Leroy, what are you doing?
Isn't this
what you told me to do?
Well, yeah, but,
I mean, a feral cat?
It's-it's a lot of work.
I mean, we'd have to get it
into a socialization program...
-(snarls)
-Ow! (groans)
You okay?
I'm fine.
It was a stupid cat anyway.
LEROY:
Nothing there, LaFrey.
-No creature, no mummy,
no ghost, no Dracula. -(snarls)
And I'd keep going, but that's
all the monsters I know.
-(snarling)
-Nothing there.
Waste of time, end of story.
(tires screeching)
(growling, hissing)
Let me call you back.
-He kicked the door off the car.
-Come on!
How'd he get so strong?
Hormones kicking in?
Puberty doesn't make you
kick the door off the car.
It gives you pimples
and makes you get a boner
in front of your aunt.
It only happened once.
She didn't even notice.
Quit talking about your
aunt boners.
Wait.
The cat bit him.
That's right.
The-the cat--
the cat is the creature.
(pants)
-He's too fast. Come on,
let's get the car. -Yeah.
Jenkins, can you hear me?
I need you to keep moving and
check the area for radiation.
Agent Simons, chop off the head
and blow it up.
Look at her go.
She's magnificent.
Well, she doesn't do it alone.
-Oh.
-(phone vibrates)
Hola.
Barry. The creature is a cat.
It bit Jermaine
and he kicked a door
off the car and ran off.
I'm sorry. Who's Jermaine?
Oh. That's so nice
Leroy does that.
How is he still single?
Well, I don't know, Barry.
I'll give it some thought
and get back to you, okay?
But listen. Annie needs
to track Jermaine's phone.
And Barry, the infection
took hold within minutes,
so we have to contain this.
We need your help right now.
I'll call you right back.
Barrie, you and Annie load up
with suppressive,
non-lethal weaponry,
head out and make a drop.
Then double back,
find the cat, hit the lab,
and use that big nerdy head of
yours to come up an antidote.
On six.
How the hell did you know that?
Barry, I know everything.
Pull yourself together,
O'Connor, it feeds on fear.
We are witnessing a master
at work; it's incredible.
Yes, yes, but I'm just wondering
if she knows
about my daily
two-and-a-half-hour siesta.
It's for digestive purposes.
Doctor's orders. Come on.
(doorbell rings)
(indistinct chatter)
Jermaine, you made it.
Come on in.
Oh, my God, Jermaine,
you're hilarious.
(hissing, growling)
MAX:
Okay. We're on Palm Street.
I think Jermaine was still
trying to get to his party.
LEROY:
Pretty quiet for a party.
Parties tend to be loud,
boisterous affairs.
Uh, yeah, Leroy.
I've been to a party or two
in my time.
One or two?
You know what?
I used to show up so early,
people would be like,
"What? This guy's crazy."
Uh, Leroy?
(spooky music playing)
(door squeaks, closes)
Jermaine!
Jermaine, you in here?
Hey.
Are you okay?
Wh-what's going on?
What happened to you?
(cracking, snarling)
Okay, that-that's abnormal.
-(growls)
-(gasps)
-(screams)
-(glass breaking) -Max?
(snarls and growls)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Calm down.
Stay back. Stay back!
-Max!
-(grunts)
-What do I do?
-Punch her! Hit her!
-Knock her out!
-Wait. I can't hit a kid.
-Quit being a baby, man.
-Okay, wait.
I'm a baby because
I won't punch a child?
-That logic does not check out.
-Find something to hit her with
hard enough to knock her out,
soft enough I don't feel bad
about it.
-Do it!
-(yells)
And stay down,
you little psycho!
Damn.
Can't believe you struck
a child.
(low growls nearby)
Leroy, do you hear that?
(growling and snarling)
(screams)
Hey, guys. What's the situation?
Okay. It is really bad in there.
The infection has spread.
Luckily, it is contained
in the house, but,
unfortunately, that house
is filled with really angry
little zombie kids.
Jermaine is in there.
I need to get him out now.
Stun guns, smoke grenades,
tranq rifles
and full body armor.
Now, the plan is to storm
the house, subdue the infected,
pack 'em in the van, and
get 'em back to the Bureau.
Now, don't make me regret
giving you this.
Uh, look.
I am not a big drinker,
but if I survive this,
you owe me a really stiff
Midori Sour.
I-I will owe you a drink,
but I will be getting myself
a real one.
What do you mean?
Leroy,
I want you to tell me something,
and be honest.
This stuff is heavy, right?
It's not just me?
Leroy? You okay?
Bee-mo.
That's what he used to call me.
It meant Beast Mode,
but he was a little kid
with a squeaky voice,
so it came out,
(squeaky):
Bee-mo. Bee-mo.
He used to think
I was the coolest.
I guess I was just trying
to show I still was.
But, if something happens
to him in there...
Yeah, Leroy, I hear ya.
But right now, Jermaine
and every one else in that house
is counting on us.
And by "us," I mean you,
'cause I don't really know
how to do any of this stuff.
Those kids need our help, Leroy.
They need Bee-mo.
Let's go get Jermaine.
*
(door closes)
(panting)
Sorry.
Hey, Leroy.
Did you bring spare batteries
for the flashlights?
(gunshots, shrieking)
That was so awesome.
(growling)
LEROY:
Max, shoot her!
(growling, gunshot)
That was exciting.
-Stay focused.
-Okay.
-I got one dart left.
-I think I've got four.
I've been really smart about
my shot selection, so...
Stay that way;
we might need it.
What's that mean?
What does...
what does that mean?
-(growling)
-Doc!
-Whoa!
-Get him off me!
(darts striking wall)
-(gun clicks) -Okay, I'm
officially out of darts.
What?! You missed?
Well, you
weren't standing still.
I got a demon kid on my back!
I mean, I got really close
on a couple of them, so...
-(ringtone plays) -It's his mom.
She's video calling me.
-Don't answer.
-I'm not gonna answer.
-(ringtone stops)
-I answered!
-What?!
-Hey, Rose! What's up?
Hi, Jermaine!
He's really into Halloween
this year.
-(Jermaine growling)
-Let me call you back.
-(phone beeps)
-(growling)
(yells)
Damn!
-(spooky laughter)
-(gasping)
(grunts)
God...
My God, he's headed
for those kids.
Is that Mom?
The house had a mom.
(gun clicking)
(Mom snarls)
Lord, if I only do
one thing right
for the rest of my life,
let it be this.
(Max grunting)
Take the shot.
(fires dart)
(exhales)
All right,
so Barry's got the cat,
and he thinks
he has the antidote.
Great. We will see you guys
back at the Bureau.
Great. And you guys
are all okay?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
It was, uh, you know,
it was pretty intense in there
for a while, but luckily,
I was able to, you know...
like, keep my cool
and be super chill and stuff.
-And Leroy did everything?
-Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah. Uh, well, I guess
I owe you that Midori Sour.
Which still continues
to baffle me.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I was kidding, though.
That's not... I don't...
I don't care about that drink.
-It's gross. -(Annie laughs)
-(engine starts)
MAX:
Dude, that just happened.
-Yeah.
-Okay? We did that.
I can't believe it.
That was us!
-We pulled it off!
-Oh, my God!
-(cackling)
-That was awesome!
I-I feel like The Rock.
-Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Okay? Like-like Dwayne Johnson,
not the Nick Cage-
Sean Connery movie.
-I know what you meant.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But that movie's badass, so...
-That movie is badass.
-(exhales)
It's hot in here.
You got, uh...
(groaning):
Ah, oh. Actually...
What's wrong? What?
I don't know,
I'm feeling kind of funny, man.
-(exhales)
-Funny?
-(groans)
-Funny like how?
Like, I don't know,
like maybe...
-You...
-Got bit?
-You think you got bit?
-I got bit?
-You think that?
-You said it.
You said. What are you...
-Don't touch me! What are you
doing? -I'm checking!
-Check yourself! Check!
-Oh, my God.
I don't remember getting bit.
How do I... how do I...
how do I look?
You look pale.
But you always look pale.
What do we do, man?
What do you think?
(exhales)
Leroy, thank you.
Duct-taping you to the seat
was legitimately my pleasure.
Listen, before the virus
takes hold
and I start trying
to eat your face,
I just want to say
that Jermaine
is so lucky to have you, man.
I mean, in that case, so am I.
(Leroy grunting)
You know what? I feel fine.
I mean, not a hundred percent,
but I...
I don't know,
I think I'm all right.
Must have just been
low blood sugar or something.
I mean, I did have
half a Baby Ruth for breakfast.
-(tires squealing)
-You okay, man?
If this is some sort of
Halloween prank, it's hilarious,
but you got to keep your eyes
on the road.
(tires squeal)
Whoa! Whoa, Leroy! Oh!
Whoa, Leroy! Leroy!
Aah!
-Whoa!
-(snarling)
Leroy...!
No! No, seat belt!
Seat belt, stay!
-(snarling)
-(screams)
Oh! No! No!
No!
Yeah! Eat it, zombie Leroy!
-Eat it!
-(airbag pops)
-Oh, no, don't eat it.
-(air hissing)
-No, no. Disregard.
-(snarls)
Oh! Aah! Somebody help me!
(syringe hisses)
Well, he wasn't infected long.
Should be fine in no time.
Are you duct-taped to the seat?
Yes, I am. Yeah, I-I...
I was actually about to move
into phase two of my plan,
which was just... to escape,
but then you came along,
so we can just move into that,
uh, that phase a little quicker.
How are you?
Longest night of the year.
Nice work, everyone.
Let's get some sleep.
LaFREY:
I'm sorry to interrupt,
-but... what the hell is this?
-Nothing.
That's clearly not true.
I don't know why I said that.
The infected.
This one is
my old partner's son.
Is he okay?
His vitals check out.
The rest of them seem
to have stabilized.
On the way to a full recovery.
As for me, I got a bit of a rash
from the duct tape.
But I applied calamine
to the affected area--
should be good
in four to six days.
Thank God for that.
Let's report this
as a bacterial infection.
Chalk it up
to party dip gone bad.
Let's get these kids home, okay?
(sighs):
I am gonna go...
do what I do when I'm not here.
What do you think that is?
LEROY:
There he is.
What's up, champ?
I feel... w-weird.
Bet you do after all that.
You know what?
You two should talk.
I'll pop my earbuds in,
lay back--
I am not here.
Listen, man,
sorry I had to be
the bad guy today.
But as much as I want you
to think I'm the coolest,
most badass dude around,
I got to do what's best for you.
That's the promise
I made your dad.
And I'll always do
whatever it takes to keep it.
You understand?
Yeah.
(sighs)
I really miss him.
(exhales)
I know.
I do, too.
But he's always with you...
watching over you.
And I know
he's damn proud of you.
Bee-mo!
You guys...
these earbuds are terrible.
I heard that whole thing,
and it was beautiful.
Truly.
Bee-mo.
(whispers):
Bee-mo-- okay.
What's his deal?
(whispers):
I don't know.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
You've explored the paranormal
with Ghosted.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
* Hey-ay-ay *
WOMAN:
This is our story.
* Can't stop me now *
* I'm just doing what I do *
* Won't stop doing what I do *
* Can't stop me now *
-* Can't stop me now *
-* Cannot beat me *
* I'm just doin' what I do *
* Won't stop doin' what I do *